Proposal for consent section (#42)
intarchboard/draft-path-signals-collaboration: draft-iab-path-signals-collaboration.md

the distribution of information, in order to give adequate control to 
each entity over the collaboration or information sharing.

The sender needs to agree to sending the information.
Any passing of information or request for an action needs to be explicit,
and use protocol mechanisms that are designed for the purpose.
Merely sending a particular kind of packet to a destination should not
be interpreted as an implicit agreement.

At the same time, the recipient of information or the target of a
request should agree to wishing to receive the information. It
should not be burdened with extra processing if it does not have
willigness or a need to do so. This happens naturally in most
protocol designs, but has been a problem for some cases where
"slow path" packet processing is required or implied, and the
recipient or router did not have willingness for this.

In both cases, all involved entities must be identified and
potentially authenticated if trust is required as a prerequisite
to share certain information.

Many Internet communications are not made for the applications, but
ultimately made on behalf of users. However, no all information

> that may be shared does directly relate to user action or other

Author: ```suggestion
that may be shared does directly relate to user actions or other
```

senstive data. Still, all information shared must be evaluated carefully
to identify potential privacy implications for users. Information that

> directly relates to the users should not be shared without the user's

Author: ```suggestion
directly relates to the user should not be shared without the user's
```

Reviewer: Ok

and means to access the rest of the Internet, and should not be
modeled as if they had an impenetrable security barrier.

## Control of the Distribution of Information

Trust and mutual agreement between the involved entities must determine
the distribution of information, in order to give adequate control to 
each entity over the collaboration or information sharing.

> A corollary of the intentional distribution is that the sender

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A corollary of this principle is that the sender
```

Reviewer: Right. Thanks Tommy.

> A corollary of this principle is that the sender
> needs to agree to sending the information. Or that the requester
> for an action needs to agree to make a request; it should not be an
> implicit decision by the receiver that information was sent or a
> request was made, just because a packet happened to be formed in a
> particular way.

Author: ```suggestion
The sender needs to agree to sending the information.
Any passing of information or request for an action needs to be explicit,
and use protocol mechanisms that are designed for the purpose.
Merely sending a particular kind of packet to a destination should not
be interpreted as an implicit agreement.
```

Reviewer: Thanks.

> particular way.

Reviewer 2: The grammar here seems odd, and I'm not quite sure what it's trying to say? Is this really a corollary?

Author: I didn't write this text originally. Is it any better if we just say "consequence" instead or "Following this principle"?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sender
needs to agree to sending the information. Any passing of information or request
for an action needs to be explicit, and use protocol mechanisms that are designed
for the purpose. Merely sending a particular kind of a packet to a destination should not
be interpreted as an implicit agreement.
```

Reviewer: In the above suggestion, we don't need to say whether this is a corollary or not. We can just describe the situation from the sender's perspective.

Reviewer: Please review.

Author: I created a new commit with your suggested wording and merged it.

and means to access the rest of the Internet, and should not be
modeled as if they had an impenetrable security barrier.

## Control of the Distribution of Information

Trust and mutual agreement between the involved entities must determine
the distribution of information, in order to give adequate control to 
each entity over the collaboration or information sharing.

The sender needs to agree to sending the information.
Any passing of information or request for an action needs to be explicit,
and use protocol mechanisms that are designed for the purpose.
Merely sending a particular kind of packet to a destination should not
be interpreted as an implicit agreement.

At the same time, the recipient of information or the target of a

> request should agree to wishing to receive the information. It

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
request should agree to receiving the information. It
```

should not be burdened with extra processing if it does not have
willigness or a need to do so. This happens naturally in most
protocol designs, but has been a problem for some cases where
"slow path" packet processing is required or implied, and the
recipient or router did not have willingness for this.

In both cases, all involved entities must be identified and
potentially authenticated if trust is required as a prerequisite
to share certain information.

> Many Internet communications are not made for the applications, but

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many Internet communications are not performed on behalf of the applications, but are
```

> ultimately made on behalf of users. However, no all information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ultimately made on behalf of users. However, not all information
```

that may be shared does directly relate to user actions or other

> senstive data. Still, all information shared must be evaluated carefully

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
senstive data. All information shared must be evaluated carefully
```
